headline  i lost over 450 000 us dollars  i cannot pay the bank  i will lose my home soon  i'll become  homeless  suicide  is the only way out for me  the vast majority of people who commit  suicide the vast majority of people who  attempt suicide  will not write a post on reddit  will not enter into a lengthy discussion  of their reasons for committing suicide  on twitter the real number of dead  bodies will remain forever unknown  nobody will ever trace the web  of tenuous connections  of cause and effect that link youtubers  like myself social media personalities  like myself  who encouraged this kind of reckless  gambling in cryptocurrencies to the dead  bodies  lost fortunes and ruined lives that  resulted from this strange game we play  in pursuit of money  fame  power  respect  sex  headline i lost fifteen thousand dollars  i really believed in this project  so sad  yup  i lost fifteen thousand dollars  i should have cashed out when it was at  100 then i would have been up by 25 000  but i got greedy hoping to get more  money so i can at least afford a down  payment on a house for my family  i guess  no house and no savings then  update  i already told my husband  he says he's hoping it will recover  but if not it is what it is i'm just  grateful i have a very understanding  husband and adorable kids  hoping it will all get better  after this expensive lesson  is over  this person says simply they lost  everything gambling on luna which is at  this time of writing down by ninety  percent quote  i lost all my life savings  had bought luna at eighty five dollars  not sure what to do  lost around five thousand dollars  it might be a small amount for some  but it was all i had  someone  please advise  as to what i should do next i want to  tell you guys how i'm investing my first  1 000  into cryptocurrencies  [Music]  usually i'm not somebody to put money  into something that i'm  you know afraid of like i i rarely will  invest on something that's highly  volatile but i've recently gotten this  money i've already really really really  enjoyed reading about bitcoin and i've  been waiting to put a thousand dollars  into bitcoin since bitcoin was at five  thousand dollars this is my  cryptocurrency journey basically this is  me updating you guys you know probably  bi-weekly maybe once a month what i'm  doing with my investments what my plan  is what i've heard in the cryptocurrency  you know  in  industry and news and everything like  that and how that has affected how i'm  going to invest and all that kind of  stuff  [Music]  [Music]  what's going on guys today i want to  talk about bitcoin's recent crash and  why this is actually extremely bullish  news and why this is actually something  that is going to project it way higher  over the course of this year because a  lot of people are flooding right now  freaking out fear uncertainty and doubt  is going all over reddit and if you are  someone who you know looks on those  community forums right now if you don't  have strong hands it might be pretty  convincing that you should sell how much  more money could i have if i played the  same game  brian turner plays how much more money  could i personally have made in just say  the last five years if i were willing to  play the same game  james aspie played last in the past  jason posino  played a whole lot of youtubers far more  than i could possibly name far more than  i've ever spoken to or communicated with  myself  have managed to get rich  while others got poor  playing this strange game  that preys upon people's optimism  and credulity usually i'm not somebody  to put money into something that i'm you  know afraid of loot like i i rarely will  invest on something that's highly  volatile because of my age though i can  be very risky with my investments so my  net worth at the current moment is  somewhere around  350 400 000 i i probably would have to  go tally it all up exactly but it's  somewhere around that level this is just  something i've been thinking about  lately and i just wanted to put it on  video real quick i know there's a short  video but i just wanted to make this  point for me i'm already so sold on  bitcoin that i would bet anything in  fact i have i've bet most of my net  worth over 80 of my net worth on bitcoin  so what's my plan how am i getting to a  million dollars well it's pretty simple  at least the primary plan primary plan  is to not care at all about everybody's  emotional scariness and telling me that  i'm an idiot and having money in the  cryptocurrency market i truly believe  that bitcoin will be past six figures  relatively soon  [Music]  now where we are right now i think that  bitcoin will be able to get to 100 000  within the next six months basically my  plan is that i'm going to sell about 40  to 60 of my bitcoin as we hit certain  price targets everyone  listen up you didn't lose your money  now you you have your  technically you kind of lost your money  there was a time when we had freedom of  speech on youtube i'm old enough to  remember when that was i can remember  when youtube was a much more dangerous  and frankly  toxic place and yes  it was thrilling and i can remember the  crowds the multitudes in their millions  screaming out for justice  because of the lack  of ethics  in video game journalism  you remember what i'm talking about here  guys  when it was revealed the extent to which  the people we were trusting to review  and evaluate video games in fact were to  some extent in the pocket of  the video game industry that this was  not in fact a completely  detached analytical  cerebral evaluation  of the video games from from the  perspective of a skeptical outsizer we  were in fact being fed video game  reviews by people who were very much  puppets  of the industry themselves  puppetry  it's an evocative image  isn't it what are the strings  that link youtubers to  the stock market what are the strings  that link youtubers to the phenomenon of  cryptocurrency of bitcoin there there is  no equivalent to the big evil  video game corporation doling out bribes  or sending out emails to manipulate  people and you know making sure the  reviews are nuanced in a certain way in  many ways the the crypto phenomenon is a  sort of headless beast with uh a  thousand eyes and one  and nevertheless we now have a  controversy of a much much greater scale  with much much more important  consequences and i find that there's  none of the same sense of moral outrage  there when people find out  a youtuber has been doing food reviews  and they're they're somehow bribed  they're somehow connected to  the particular restaurant or the food  manufacturer they're outraged  and what are the consequences  well what really  are the consequences  when people find out that some  attractive female youtuber who does a  try on haul you know a sexy clothes  try on haul video where they wear these  clothes and parade them around they  review or evaluate the clothes  then they find out somehow this woman  was being paid by the company that made  the clothes the company that made the  bathing suits whatever it was  outrage even if the audience didn't  really buy anything they just clicked on  the video  thinking it was something other than an  advertisement and they now find out  they've been advertised to  the bitcoin phenomenon right the  cryptocurrency  phenomena  the people who are making these youtube  videos themselves  do they know  the extent to which they're puppets  do they know what the strings are that  are being  pulled are they aware that what they're  doing  is something more like an advertisement  and less like an authentic or genuine  form  of analysis to what extent are these  people the exploiters  of their audiences  and to what extent are they themselves  also  unwitting victims so this test flight  was coming up and it was the weekend  before  this weekend  and unfortunately  they had to  delay the test flight  so  the price was at 55 and what was going  to happen basically is if that test  flight was successful last weekend  that stock price was going to shoot up i  i bet you 75 80 something like that  possibly even more  it's one of the biggest ones in my  portfolio i honestly my price target for  this stock is at least 100 by the end of  this year i  more realistically i do just want to be  conservative right there but what i  really think this stock is going to do  is 150 or 200 possibly even more i think  it's natural  that we want to believe  there's going to be some kind of karmic  retribution  whereby  those who do evil deeds will endure  terrible consequences and i note  brian turner  claimed that he had uh  more than 80  of his net worth in cryptocurrency so  you could indulge in the fantasy that  he's lost 80 of his money also or  something like that you uh might have  heard  james aspie speaking rather more vaguely  about how he just put all the money he  possibly could  into cryptocurrency including selling  his van and then taking that money and  put it  but strangely  none of these people have come out to  bear their hearts bear their souls  share their disappointments and sorrows  as the advice they gave others that  inevitably bankrupted others  would have if they followed that advice  bankrupted or seriously impoverished the  people giving that advice  themselves yeah this is the thing  since the first day i got on youtube  what i've seen  is people saying  go ahead  drop out of university go ahead  drop out of high school and the people  saying this  they're not taking any risk  by hyping you up and giving you this  advice and encouragement i've seen  people giving the most ridiculous advice  about  weight loss  muscle gain  stardom fame various ways to make money  even frankly teaching english as a  second language as a way to make money  even learning asian languages is a way  to make money learn japanese learn  chinese and all the money you can  supposedly make out of being a polyglot  quite a few strange fantasies i've seen  peddled  and for the person  giving the advice  and quite possibly just pursuing  money fame power respects that's just  pursuing success here on youtube or  around the internet on social media  there's no risk  there's no possibility of negative  consequence for the person  doing the broadcasting we wish  every hater  was were making money  yeah we're making a lot of money so they  wouldn't have uh any reason to complain  about  james making money it doesn't really  matter how much money you make or how  much money you have people are talking  that i have  millions of dollars  one to five million dollars a year the  screenshot that people are sharing  around that is evidence of this is a  completely  uh baseless website with no fact  checking and i can tell you how i know  that 100  because i don't make anywhere near that  much money and i never have um but i  hope to that would be awesome i'm not  asking you for a large financial  contribution  if it costs twenty dollars to sub  twenty dollars is quite a bit of money  twenty dollars is you can get a full  meal for twenty dollars and the  difference of twenty dollars and eating  a meal is in that twenty dollars why  activists need to be poor  when we're talking about social media if  you are living a great life a really  great life a life that most people can't  live  you are going to  uh you're going to attract  vegans and countless non-vegans probably  one of the best things you could do in  terms of activism is get very rich and  famous  live it up and influence your tens of  millions of followers to go vegan i'm  striving to do that  i've got a level with you guys  i'm a caveman  i was literally  frozen in ice i grew up and was born in  the bronze age and then i thought out in  toronto in the 1970s i i'm a caveman i'm  not from  the 21st century my sense of justice my  sense of right and wrong belongs to  another millennium  entirely when i look at  people like  brian turner  i think there should be consequences i  think there should be  terrible  unspeakable consequences for what he did  because i think it's  dishonest disgusting  evil and wrong and i think there should  be consequences  above all else  so that other people  will be deterred so that they won't  imitate and do again  what it is that he's done when i look at  james aspie when i look at what james  aspie did what he did to the vegan  movement what he did to all his  followers what he did in relation to  these types of crypto investment scams  so if you want to describe them  i think  there should be  consequences  and it seems  that in the 21st century  in holding this opinion  i am all alone  when people do  evil deeds  and there's just no connection  between those terrible vile things  they've done and the consequences for  real people in the real world the  victims wherever they are when it's hard  to trace it's hard to see it's not  something as simple as  a robbery or a fist fight  what do we do  what do we do as a culture  as a society  we legislate  we write legislation  we create laws  to draw a dotted line  between cause  and effect so that we can fool ourselves  into thinking  there's some justice in the world  and so that in future there will be some  deterrent  to prevent this  from ever  happening  again